[Music]
coding documentation can be messy
outdated and intimidating
hi i'm sonny a senior curriculum
developer at codecademy and one of the
creators of codecademy docs
docs is a collection of simple to use
coding documentation that helps you code
faster and more easily
find high quality docs on the most
popular topics such as python and
javascript
and it's all built by developers
educators and codecademy learners around
the world docs is up to date designed
for all levels and easy to contribute to
just create a pull request on github to
add a new entry or edit an existing one
so join us in building a world where
anyone can
learn to code
build an amazing product or even launch
a new career
check out docs today and let us know
what you think
[Music]